Update speed docs (#11044)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/guides/speed.rst

Prefer DDP over DP
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> :class:`~pytorch_lightning.strategies.dp.DataParallelStrategy` performs 3 GPU transfers for EVERY batch:

Reviewer: + backward and weights update

Author: backward and weights update doesn't required a GPU transfer with DP

> :class:`~pytorch_lightning.strategies.dp.DataParallelStrategy` performs 3 GPU transfers for EVERY batch:

Reviewer: I think we should include a gif of both of them. @edenlightning had an animation for this.

Author: pinged her on slack.

Author: added!

1. Copy model to device.
2. Copy data to device.
3. Copy outputs of each device back to main device.

Whereas :class:`~pytorch_lightning.strategies.ddp.DDPStrategy` only performs 2 transfer operations: moving data to device and transfer and sync gradients, making DDP MUCH faster than DP.

When using DDP Strategies, set find_unused_parameters=False
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> By default we have set ``find_unused_parameters=True`` for compatibility reasons that have been observed in the past (see the `discussion <https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/discussions/6219>`_ for more details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, we have set ``find_unused_parameters=True`` for compatibility reasons that have been observed in the past (see the `discussion <https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/discussions/6219>`_ for more details).
```

> This by default comes with a performance hit, and can be disabled in most cases. Read more about it `here <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/notes/ddp.html#internal-design>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, it can result in a performance hit and can be disabled in most cases. Read more about it `here <https://pytorch.org/docs/stable/notes/ddp.html#internal-design>`_.
```

Prefer DDP over DP
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
:class:`~pytorch_lightning.strategies.dp.DataParallelStrategy` performs 3 GPU transfers for EVERY batch:

> 1. Copy model to the device.

Reviewer 2: if you are adding the article there, why not add the other missing one in the sentence? either go all the way or don't bother is what I would say haha ^^

Author: Grammarly didn't show it before and not it is 😆

2. Copy the data to the device.
3. Copy the outputs of each device back to the main device.

> .. image:: https://pl-public-data.s3.amazonaws.com/docs/static/images/distributed_training/ddp.gif

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. image:: https://pl-public-data.s3.amazonaws.com/docs/static/images/distributed_training/dp.gif
```

Author: oh!.. good catch. Thanks :)

    :alt: Animation showing DP execution.
    :width: 500
    :align: center

|

Whereas :class:`~pytorch_lightning.strategies.ddp.DDPStrategy` only performs 2 transfer operations, making DDP much faster than DP:

1. Moving data to the device.
2. Transfer and sync gradients.

> .. image:: https://pl-public-data.s3.amazonaws.com/docs/static/images/distributed_training/dp.gif

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. image:: https://pl-public-data.s3.amazonaws.com/docs/static/images/distributed_training/ddp.gif
```

        strategy=DDPSpawnStrategy(find_unused_parameters=False),
    )

> When using DDP on a Multi-Node Cluster, set NCCL Parameters

Reviewer 4: https://capitalizemytitle.com/#capitalizationrules
https://www.grammarly.com/blog/capitalization-in-the-titles/

Using these rules would help us being consistent.

> When using DDP on a Multi-Node Cluster, set NCCL Parameters

Author: ```suggestion
When using DDP on a Multi-node Cluster, set NCCL Parameters
```

Spawn
"""""

> When using ``strategy="ddp_spawn"`` or training on TPUs, the way multiple GPUs/TPU cores are used is by calling ``.spawn()`` under the hood.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using ``strategy="ddp_spawn"`` or training on TPUs with, the way multiple GPUs/TPU cores are used is by calling multiprocessing ``.spawn()`` under the hood.
```

Worth to link to torch spawn method

The problem is that PyTorch has issues with ``num_workers>0`` when using ``.spawn()``. For this reason we recommend you
use ``strategy="ddp"`` so you can increase the ``num_workers``, however since DDP doesn't work in interactive environment like ipython/jupyter notebooks

> your script has to be callable like so:

Reviewer: However, using ddp_spawn enables to reduce memory usage with In-Memory Dataset and shared memory tensors. Worth linking to the PyTorch Geometric example.

Author: > Worth linking to the PyTorch Geometric example.

which example? can you share more info?

Reviewer: This one: https://pytorch-lightning.readthedocs.io/en/latest/advanced/training_tricks.html#sharing-datasets-across-process-boundaries

Author: done!

-----------

**************
Early Stopping
**************

> Usually long training epochs can lead to either overfitting or no major improvements in your metrics due to no limited convergence. Here Early Stopping can help you stop

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, long training epochs can lead to either overfitting or no major improvements in your metrics due to no limited convergence. Using the :class:`~pytorch_lightning.callbacks.early_stopping.EarlyStopping` callback can help you stop
```

Author: in the next line, I have already linked it.

Reviewer: I would always link them as a habit. Users can click on them at any time.

the training entirely by monitoring a metric of your choice. To configure this you can use :class:`~pytorch_lightning.callbacks.early_stopping.EarlyStopping`.
You can read more about it :ref:`here <early_stopping>`.

----------

.. _speed_amp:

*********************************
Mixed Precision (16-bit) Training
*********************************

> Lower precision, such as the 16-bit floating-point, enables the training and deployment of marge neural networks since they require less memory, enhances data transfer operations since they required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lower precision, such as the 16-bit floating-point, enables the training and deployment of large neural networks since they require less memory, enhance data transfer operations since they required
```

**Use when:** You run a hyperparameter search to find good initial parameters and want to save time, cost (money), or power (environment).
It can allow you to be more cost efficient and also run more experiments at the same time.

> You can use Trainer flags to force training for a minimum number of epochs or limit to a max number of epochs. Use the ``min_epochs`` and ``max_epochs`` Trainer flags to set the number of epochs to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use Trainer flags to force training for a minimum number of epochs or limit to a maximum number of epochs. Use the ``min_epochs`` and ``max_epochs`` Trainer flags to set the number of epochs to run.
```

Reviewer: Worth reformulating a bit.

**Use when:** You run a hyperparameter search to find good initial parameters and want to save time, cost (money), or power (environment).
It can allow you to be more cost efficient and also run more experiments at the same time.

You can use Trainer flags to force training for a minimum number of epochs or limit it to a max number of epochs. Use the ``min_epochs`` and ``max_epochs`` Trainer flags to set the number of epochs to run.

> Setting ``min_epochs=N`` makes sure that the training will run for atleast ``N`` epochs and won't stop until some exception is raised. Setting ``max_epochs=N`` will ensure that training won't happen after

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Setting ``min_epochs=N`` makes sure that the training will run for at least ``N`` epochs and won't stop until some exception is raised. Setting ``max_epochs=N`` will ensure that training won't happen after
```

Reviewer 2: the part about exception is slightly misleading. it's not related to min_epochs at all.

Author: updated!

**Use when:** You have a small dataset, and want to run less validation checks.

You can limit validation check to only run every n epochs using the ``check_val_every_n_epoch`` Trainer flag.

.. testcode::

    # default
    trainer = Trainer(check_val_every_n_epoch=1)

    # runs validation after every 7th Epoch
    trainer = Trainer(check_val_every_n_epoch=7)

Validation within Training Epoch
================================

**Use when:** You have a large training dataset, and want to run mid-epoch validation checks.

> For large datasets, it's often desirable to check validation multiple times within a training loop.

Reviewer 5: within a training loop or epoch? this line and the next one are confusing
I also don't really see how this is related to speed

Author: epoch.. will update.

**Use when:** You have a large training dataset, and want to run mid-epoch validation checks.

For large datasets, it's often desirable to check validation multiple times within a training loop.
Pass in a float to check that often within 1 training epoch. Pass in an int `k` to check every `k` training batches.
Must use an `int` if using an `IterableDataset`.
Pass in a float to check that often within 1 training epoch. Pass in an int ``k`` to check every ``k`` training batches.
Must use an ``int`` if using an :class:`~torch.utils.data.IterableDataset`.

.. testcode::

    # DEFAULT
    trainer = Trainer(val_check_interval=0.95)
    # default
    trainer = Trainer(val_check_interval=1.0)

    # check every .25 of an epoch
    # check every 1/4 th of an epoch
    trainer = Trainer(val_check_interval=0.25)

>     # check every 100 train batches (ie: for `IterableDatasets` or fixed frequency)

Reviewer 5: what's the difference between speed & debugging, given the section below?

Author: good point.. should be removed from here.

.item(), .numpy(), .cpu()
=========================

Don't call ``.item()`` anywhere in your code. Use ``.detach()`` instead to remove the connected graph calls. Lightning
takes a great deal of care to be optimized for this.

Clear Cache
===========

Don't call :func:`torch.cuda.empty_cache` unnecessarily! Every time you call this ALL your GPUs have to wait to sync.

> Tranfering Tensors to Device

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Transferring tensors to device
```

> ============================

Reviewer: Missing a space
